[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Hello.
Here's what's new in
DevTools in Chrome 76.
First up, autocomplete
in the styles pane
now supports keyword values.
Here, I want to
make this H1 bold.
I can't remember
what property I need,
but I know the value
should be bold.
In this older version of
Chrome, when I type bold,
nothing shows up.
Now in Chrome 76 when I type
bold, stylus pane autocompletes
the font weight bold, which
is exactly what I want.
In general, if you remember
what keyword value you want
but can't remember the property
name, try typing the value
and the autocomplete should
help you finish the declaration.
There is a new UI
for network settings.
On this older version of
Chrome, note the throttling menu
and offline checkbox
here on the right.
When I make my window
narrow, I can no longer
access those options.
To fix this usability
issue, Chrome 76 now
has a network settings pane.
This is where you'll now find
the options use large request
rows, show overview, group by
frame, and capture screenshots.
The network panel now
has prominent buttons
for importing and
exporting HAR files.
After logging network activity,
press the New export button
to download the log as JSON and
share it with your colleagues.
Your colleagues can view
the log in the network panel
by clicking the Import button
and then selecting the HAR
file that you've provided them.
HAR exports now include
WebSocket messages.
First, I create a
WebSocket connection.
Then send a message, which
also gets echoed back.
Then click Export to save
the log as a HAR profile.
Then open the file and search
for WebSocket messages.
And I can see the messages
that I just logged.
The memory panel now
reports total memory usage
in real time.
Down here is the
total memory usage.
Next to that is the trend
over the last two minutes.
Red text with an up arrow
means that memory usage
is increasing.
Green text with a down arrow
means that memory usage
is decreasing.
The service worker
pane now lists
port numbers in its titles.
Back in this older
version of Chrome,
I've developed a few
sites on local host.
Many of them use
service workers,
and it's not easy to see
which service worker belongs
to which port.
In Chrome 76, the port is
now listed in the title
for easier scanning.
The application panel now logs
background fetch and background
sync events.
To log background fetch events,
go to the application panel,
open the background fetch
pane, then click Record.
After triggering
background fetch,
lifecycle events, like
background fetch registered,
are logged to the table.
The background sync
pane works the same way.
The experimental Puppeteer
for Firefox project
was announced at
Google I/O 2019, which
means you can now automate
Firefox and Chrome
with the same node API.
Here, I've got a
sample node script
that instantiates
Firefox in Chrome
and runs an integration
test on both browsers.
When I run node example.js,
Firefox launches.
Then the Puppeteer
documentation site opens.
Then page is inserted
into the search bar.
After that, the test is
repeated with Chrome.
By the way, we're mentioning
Puppeteer in this DevTools
video because you can
use it to automate
tasks that were previously
only possible in DevTools.
For example, you can use
page.screenshot to take
screenshots and
coverage.startJScoverage
to extract code coverage data.
Here's a bonus tip.
Microsoft's Accessibility
Insights extension
has a handy feature for
visualizing tab stops.
For example, I
open the extension.
Go to Ad hoc tools.
Enable tab stops.
And then as I tab
through the page,
I see a trail of tab stops.
To share this visualization
with colleagues,
I open DevTools,
open the Command menu
from the main menu, then run
the capture full size screenshot
command.
Thanks for watching.
We'll be back in six
weeks for Chrome 77.
[MUSIC PLAYING]